Replace controller with control node (#352)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/reference_appendices/tower.rst

  Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform is available on multiple cloud platforms. See `Ansible on Clouds <https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/ansible_on_clouds/2.x>`_ for details.
  

> `Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform <https://www.ansible.com/products/automation-platform>`_ (RHAAP) is an integrated solution for operationalizing Ansible across your team, organization, and enterprise. The platform includes a control node with a web console and REST API, analytics, execution environments, and much more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform <https://www.ansible.com/products/automation-platform>`_ (RHAAP) is an integrated solution for operationalizing Ansible across your team, organization, and enterprise. The platform includes a controller with a web console and REST API, analytics, execution environments, and much more.
```

Reviewer: Another one where we have to keep controller
